Update Custom Redirects guide (#955)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/guides/custom-redirects.mdx

<CodeBlockTabs type="framework" options={["Next.js", "Remix"]}>
```sh filename=".env.local"

> NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_IN_FALLBACK_REDIRECT_URL=/dashboard

Reviewer: This exists under the "Force environment variable redirects" section - so we should only the introduction of these. `SIGN_IN_FORCE_REDIRECT_URL` and `SIGN_UP_FORCE_REDIRECT_URL` are the force env variables.

If we want to incorporate Nikos's suggestion of providing a typical use case for these, I left a [suggestion on the original slack thread.](https://clerkinc.slack.com/archives/C01QFRQNHSN/p1714147838039329?thread_ts=1714083778.463479&cid=C01QFRQNHSN)

I think his suggestion belongs in the Onboarding guide.

```suggestion
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_IN_FORCE_REDIRECT_URL=/dashboard
```

NEXT_PUBLIC_CLERK_SIGN_UP_FORCE_REDIRECT_URL=/onboarding
```

```sh filename=".env"

> CLERK_SIGN_IN_FALLBACK_REDIRECT_URL=/dashboard

Reviewer: same explanation as comment above

```suggestion
CLERK_SIGN_IN_FORCE_REDIRECT_URL=/dashboard
```

You can explicitly define the redirect paths after sign-up or sign-in by using the properties described in this section with Clerk's components. In general, it is recommended to use [environment variables](#environment-variables) instead.

> <Callout type="info">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout type="warning">
```

You can explicitly define the redirect paths after sign-up or sign-in by using the properties described in this section with Clerk's components. In general, it is recommended to use [environment variables](#environment-variables) instead.

<Callout type="warning">
  The `afterSignIn`, `afterSignUp`, and `redirectUrl` props are deprecated. If you're still using them, the props described in this section will override them.
</Callout>

### Fallback redirect URL props

The "fallback redirect URL" props will only be used if there is no `redirect_url` value. This can happen if the user has navigated directly to the sign up or sign in page.

- `fallbackRedirectUrl` - Used by sign-in and sign-up related components.

> - `signInFallbackRedirectUrl` - Used for the "Sign In" link that is rendered on Clerk components.
> - `signUpFallbackRedirectUrl` - Used for the "Sign Up" link that is rendered on Clerk components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `signInFallbackRedirectUrl` - Used on sign up components, such as `<SignUp />` and `<SignUpButton>`.
- `signUpFallbackRedirectUrl` - Used on sign in components, such as `<SignIn />` and `<SignInButton>`.
```

### Force redirect URL props

The "force redirect URL" props will *always* redirect to the provided url after sign up or sign in, regardless of what page the user was on before, and will override the `redirect_url` value if present.

- `forceRedirectUrl` - Used by sign-in and sign-up related components.

> - `signInForceRedirectUrl` - Used for the "Sign In" link that is rendered on Clerk components.
> - `signUpForceRedirectUrl` - Used for the "Sign Up" link that is rendered on Clerk components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `signInForceRedirectUrl` - Used on sign up components, such as `<SignUp />` and `<SignUpButton>`.
- `signUpForceRedirectUrl` - Used on sign in components, such as `<SignIn />` and `<SignInButton>`.
```

### Button components

> [`<SignInButton>`](/docs/components/unstyled/sign-in-button) and [`<SignUpButton>`](/docs/components/unstyled/sign-up-button) also take these properties.

Reviewer: Can we also add this copy to the "Control components" section as well for consistency?

```suggestion
[`<SignInButton>`](/docs/components/unstyled/sign-in-button) and [`<SignUpButton>`](/docs/components/unstyled/sign-up-button) also accepts these properties.
```

    <div>
      <h1>Welcome!</h1>

>       <SignInButton fallbackRedirectUrl="/dashboard" signUpFallbackRedirectUrl="/onboarding">

Reviewer: wait, why is this being changed in all of these button components? the doc doesn't ever define a `fallbackRedirectUrl` ? only `signUpFallbackRedirectUrl` and `signInFallbackRedirectUrl`

Author: I'll add those to the doc. You can see [this discussion](https://clerkinc.slack.com/archives/C01QFRQNHSN/p1713903676149769) and [this one](https://clerkinc.slack.com/archives/C04KENP2GFL/p1713901849337169) for info on why we use `fallback` instead of `signInFallback`, etc, on some components

    <div>
      <h1>Welcome!</h1>

      <SignInButton fallbackRedirectUrl="/dashboard" signUpFallbackRedirectUrl="/onboarding">
        Sign in
      </SignInButton>

      <SignUpButton signInFallbackRedirectUrl="/dashboard" fallbackRedirectUrl="/onboarding">
        Sign up
      </SignUpButton>
    </div>
  );
}
```
</CodeBlockTabs>

### UI Components

[`<SignIn>`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-in) and [`<SignUp>`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-up) also take these properties.

<Callout type="info">
It is recommended to define both `signInFallbackRedirectUrl` and `signUpFallbackRedirectUrl` redirects in each component as some users may choose to sign up instead after attempting to sign in.
</Callout>

> <Tabs type="framework" items={["Next.js", "React", "Remix", "Gatsby"]}>

Reviewer: If the examples aren't changing per framework, then we don't need to have each framework. We can simply write "The following example is written for Next.js App Router, but is supported by any React meta framework, such as Remix or Gatsby."

  <Tab>
    ```tsx filename="app/page.tsx"
    import { SignIn, SignUp, useUser } from "@clerk/nextjs";

    export default function Home() {
      const { user } = useUser();

      if (!user) {
        return (
          <>
            <h1>Sign in or sign up</h1>
            <div>

>               <SignIn fallbackRedirectUrl="/dashboard" signUpFallbackRedirectUrl="/onboarding" />

Reviewer: here again,  I don't see a `fallbackRedirectUrl` defined on this page - only `signInFallbackRedirectUrl` and `signUpFallbackRedirectUrl`
